Rd 308 utilities plugin docs wrapup (#1579)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/official_plugins/Configuration/utilities/suspend.md

Openstack 2.9.0+ | Y               | Y             | N (No API)              | Y                     | Y                      | Y
Openstack 3.0.0+ | Y               | Y             | N (No API)              | Y                     | Y                      | Y
vSphere 2.7.0+   | N (N/A)         | N (N/A)       | N (N/A)                 | N (N/A)               | N (N/A)                | N (N/A)
LibVirt 0.4.1+   | Y (By VM)       | Y (Bypassed)  | Y (By VM)               | N (No API)            | Y (By VM)              | Y (Bypassed)
GCP 1.5.0+       | N (N/A)         | Y             | N (N/A)                 | N (N/A)               | N (N/A)                | Y

### Notes:

Abbreviations:

* `N/A` - Not supported by plugin.
* `Y` - Supported by plugin.
* `Y (Bypassed)` - Can be bypassed by separate API or property.
* `Y (By VM)` - Created automatically by run action on connected VM.
* `Y (By Compare)` - Code show difference between states without reconfigure object.
* `N (No API)` - Unsupported by infrastructure API.

All workflows have support for:

> * `include_instances` parameter for limit list of instances where we call operations.

Reviewer: Please rephrase. I could not understand this one to suggest an alternative :)

> * `skip_actions` node property check for disable specific actions on node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `skip_actions` node property check for disabling specific actions on the node.
```

Backup types:

> * `Snapshot` has such meaning - some objects that directly connected to parent object

Reviewer: Unclear. can you please rephrase?

   (VM/Compute/Volume) and in object saved difference between different state of object
   in time.

> * `Backup` has such meaning - some object contain full copy of original object and can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Backup` has such meaning - some objects contain a full copy of the original object and can
```

>    be used after remove original object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   be used after removing the original object.
```

For partial backup can be used `include_instances` for limit list of instances or
split installation to several deployments and run on deployments one by one.

OpenStack:

* Plugin will remove all binded snapshot before delete volume automatically.
* Volume backups, VM backups, VM snapshots are removed only for delete backup
   workflow, in other cases user should remove images manually.
* Plugins 2.7.+ and 3.0.+ can have different functionality coverage.

VSphere:

* Plugin will remove all binded snapshot before delete vm.
* User should remove snapshots before attach/detach devices from/to vm.

LibVirt:

* Plugin will remove all binded snapshot before delete vm.
* Plugin create xml backups in current directory by default.

## Backup/Shapshot workflows:

We provide for use 3 workflows: create/restore/remove_backup.

### Backup

> `Backup` workflow has such parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Backup` workflow has the following parameters:
```

* `snapshot_name`: Backup name/tag. By default will be used "backup-<timestamp>"
* `snapshot_incremental`: Create incremental snapshots or full backup. By default
    created snapshots.
* `snapshot_type`: The backup type, like 'daily' or 'weekly'. By default: irregular
* `snapshot_rotation`: How many backups to keep around. By default: 1

> Meaning of each params depends on plugin implementation and can have different sense

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The meaning of each param depends on plugin implementation and can have a different sense
```

for each plugin.

For example, openstack use parameters in such way:

* `Snapshot name`: Used as suffix for created `objects`. As object can be different

>    things like images, volume snapshots or backups. Name of resulted object is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   things like images, volume snapshots, or backups. The name of a resulted object is
```

>    something like ```<object type>-<original object id>-<backup name>```. We need such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   something like ```<object type>-<original object id>-<backup name>```. We need that
```

>    because result of VM snapshot, VM backup and Volume backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   because the result of VM snapshot, VM backup, and Volume backup
```

>    is image. So we need some information in name for understand what id parent object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is an image, hence we need some information in the name to understand the id of the parent object
```

   for backup.
* `Snapshot_incremental`: plugin use to separate type of resulted objects.
   If `Snapshot_incremental=True` - code will try to create snapshot of object,
   for different plugins it can be contain different information. In case Openstack it
   will be Image with full copy of VM or subobject contained in volume that can be
   exported as image.
   If `Snapshot_incremental=False` - code will try to create copy of VM as image or
   copy of Volume as image.
* `snapshot_rotation`: used only with VM snapshot as rotation field in metadata.
* `snapshot_type`: used with VM snapshots as part of image metadata and as
   description in snapshot metadata.

OpenStack plugin does not make any decisions based on `snapshot_type` / `snapshot_rotation`

> values and is passing this values without any changes. Cloudify plugins is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values and is passing these values without any changes. The plugin is not
```

> responsible for remove all old backups or snapshots by rotation field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
responsible for removing all old backups or snapshots by rotation field.
```

### Restore

> `Restore` workflow has such parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Restore` workflow has the following parameters:
```

* `snapshot_name`: Backup name/tag. By default will be used "backup-<timestamp>"
* `snapshot_incremental`: Restore from incremental snapshots or full backup.
   By default restored from snapshots.

> Both parameters have same meaning as in backup workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both parameters have the same meaning as in backup workflow.
```

For openstack:

* VM's: Code search images with same name as we used for create backup/snapshot
   image and rebuild VM with use such name as base.

> * Volumes: if customer have tried to restore from snapshot - we show warning and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Volumes: if the customer has tried to restore from a snapshot - we show a warning and
```

>    ignore action. In case when customer have used backup - we ask openstack for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ignore the action. In case the customer has used backup - we ask OpenStack to
```

>    restore volume from backup. Such logic is limitation of openstack, so we can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   restore the volume from backup. Such logic is a limitation of OpenStack, hence we can
```

   only restore volumes from backups for now.

### Remove backup

> `Remove backup` workflow has such parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Remove backup` workflow has the following parameters:
```

* `snapshot_name`: Backup name/tag. By default will be used "backup-<timestamp>"
* `snapshot_incremental`: Delete incremental snapshots or full backup.
    By default removed snapshots.

> Both parameters have same meaning as in backup workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both parameters have the same meaning as in backup workflow.
```

> For openstack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OpenStack:
```
